# Final-Rubys-Adventure
 
Before I talk about anything with this project, I have to mention a problem I had. When I went to access the project on my computer, I found that everything I had made had been lost between when I had last worked on it for the Challenge assignment and now. This caused me to have to go and completely start the project from scratch. 

Now, when it came to the original challenge and this iteration of the game, I ended up making some minor code changes but found the biggest changes that I made to come from part 4 of Tier 1 and part 2 of Tier 3. With the Tier 1 change, which was with the particle effects, I mainly ended up updating the effects to allow for a more obvious effect to occur rather than a simple, single particle. Now a much larger effect appears with more particles. With the Tier 3 change, I changed the look of the Cog ammunition text by added an icon of a cog to the left of the total.

For the Visual changes I made, while the way each area looks is completely different from before, the change comes from 2 new NPCs within Level 2. One is a Cat NPC, using the sprites from previous assignments, which gives that player a little side quest which I'll talk about later. The other visual change is a small robot "hidden" behind some boxes that the player can find and talk to, saying that its jut hanging out.

Compared to the Visual changes, I did a lot of Audio changes. Every NPC, which includes Jambi, the Little Robot, the Cat, and a Friendly robot on Level 2, all have interact noises when you walk up to them and press X. The Cog Ammunition collectible also now has a unique noise when a player goes and collects ammo. When a player fixes robots, they now have a noise that temporarily replaces their walking noise before they go quiet.

For gameplay changes, the two changes I made were a new collectible for the player alongside adding a mini side quest. Starting with the new collectible, I added a potion that the player can collect with 2 or 3 existing in each level. Once a potion is collected, they double the players movement speed for a few seconds, allowing the player to move around each map much faster and get to robots that are spread apart easier. The second change is that of a mini Side Quest for the player. Once the player enters Level 2, they can see a friendly robot and a Cat. While the robot asks for the players help with more broken robots, the Cat ask the player to find a book they had dropped when running away from the robot. This added a new objective under the tracker for the fixed robots that also disappears when the player returns the book.
